Update values of configurable constants defining time intervals (#417)
LiskHQ/lips: proposals/lip-0045.md

### Liveness Condition

> Active sidechains are required to prove their liveness to the mainchain at least once every 28 days. This is done by including a CCU with non-empty certificate on the mainchain. If a sidechain does not post such a CCU within 24 days, the sidechain account is terminated. This rule guarantees that users do not send funds to inactive sidechains and that users who have tokens in a sidechain which stops communicating with the ecosystem can recover their tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Active sidechains are required to prove their liveness to the mainchain at least once every 28 days. This is done by including a CCU with non-empty certificate on the mainchain. If a sidechain does not post such a CCU within 28 days, the sidechain account is terminated. This rule guarantees that users do not send funds to inactive sidechains and that users who have tokens in a sidechain which stops communicating with the ecosystem can recover their tokens.
```

Author: Good catch, thanks!

| `CHAIN_REGISTRATION_FEE` | uint64 | 1000000000 | Fee to pay for a sidechain registration command in Beddows. |
| `EMPTY_HASH` | bytes | `sha256(b"")` | SHA-256 hash of empty bytes. |
| `EMPTY_CCM` | CCM | A CCM object partially following the [`crossChainMessageSchema`][lip-0049#ccmschema] schema with all properties set to their default values (see exact definition [below](#empty-cross-chain-message)). | The empty ccm object. |

> | `LIVENESS_LIMIT` | uint32 | 28x24x3600 | The maximum time interval (in seconds) for the liveness condition. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `LIVENESS_LIMIT` | uint32 | 28 * 24 * 3600 | The maximum time interval (in seconds) for the liveness condition. |
```

Reviewer 2: I would strongly suggest to use `*` for multiplication with spacing as then it can be easily copied into a calculator or code instead of abusing the character `x` to achieve a certain visual output. Same below.

Author: Right, good catch. In LIP 45 for the liveness "x" was used and I just pasted, but I agree, it is much nicer in the way you suggest.
